what's up magnets JP boy y'all just
don't even know how well fucking jacked
up I am right now
this one is watching first take fresh
off from work and they send up a timeout
nah Seattle is the potential favors or
not potential favors dinner for Shore
favorites not just an NFC for Shore
favors to win a Super Bowl because we
traded our best player to them knowing
any safe and knowing see how as our
enemies made but guess what
you missing the undermine part of this
and I so wish I had a link or I had
something to get Stephen ace and skip
bayless
and especially even though all the rest
of the ESPN NFL Network whoever cuz they
all say the same shit see yard not
smarter than me I've been a goddamn fan
for 26 years hardcore fan just like that
nigga in the Seattle video who smashed
his TV after they didn't hand the
goddamn ball off a lot of Super Bowl I'm
that kind of fan bro what I'm trying to
tell y'all is that I love what y'all are
singing I just love it so much just
gives me a tingling in my loins love it
so much because the media always want to
hype up superstar story line and all
that but what you don't realize because
they don't think about the past six
years ago I got the best Saints games
other Super Bowl you
I got Super Bowl DVD got all that
analyzed all that waited motherfucking
21 years to celebrate that moment and
guess what even though she out of the
favors I'm gonna celebrate that
motherfuckers coming up this football
season you wanna know why or make it
quick
number one not going to deny the talent
that Jimmy Graham has but they did admit
the one little fact that I'm about to
say it's very soft when it comes to
blocking very soft when it comes to
going against an aggressive as defense
to get his face he don't do shit
period it's number one number two when
we won the goddamn Super Bowl we didn't
have no Jimmy Graham's we didn't have no
devil Darren Sproles
none of that shit we have Reggie Bush
but we didn't highlight him like that
and hint he may be coming back to play
the key significant role in the offense
that's gonna come back to the offense
that it was five or six years ago five
or six years ago my man drew Brees was
hitting nine and ten targets how many
people you know he had nine to ten
different targets different targets how
many people you know nine million see
that's the whole thing spread the ball
around you don't know what it's going
when we have the gram and the Sproles
especially the gram they know what the
goddamn ball is going and guess what
happens
interception interception interception
then you don't go some for a little
while you move down the field then when
you go to them again interception
that's what the fuck happens and that's
what you don't realize I watched them
videos spreading that goddamn ball
around with no name players and won the
goddamn Super Bowl look at Seattle
offense no-name players the defense
Rickon and our dependents will pick up
to what I'm telling you is that our
offer to still be number one even last
season we make their playoffs offensive
still number two now we going back to
that prolific offense that was number
one by spreading this goddamn ball and
people always come to me oh no you must
be sad Jimmy Graham gone Jimmy Graham
gone hell no extra do old it up watch
the games with I've been calling for
this shift two years now so when I woke
up before I went to work last night and
saw this news I was the happiest
motherfucking st. fan in the world I
didn't even think I said aw man there's
no fucking way we released this nigga
they traded that knew got a similar
gonna build up that offensive line the
motherfucking offensive lines will be
had back in the day to Brees had all
kind of time to throw now you're paying
motherfucking gram you ain't got no
offensive line you running for
you goddamn life and then you do have
time to throw the ground and they
waiting on that shits interception so
Stephen a skip bayless in a field
network all you guys guess what love it
and you want a Super Bowl like I said we
were under the radar ever since we got
grammas pros we've been on the fucking
radar all the saints of prolific the
Saints gonna do this and I admit that
see this in the background see this in
the background whenever the Saints got
everybody on a motherfucking Jacque they
don't do well that year we won a Super
Bowl goes under the radar they was
always saying oh they just got lucky
come to beat the Patriots with that ass
48 to 14
they just got lucky come through and
beat another motherfuckin good team by
14 21 points that's what the hell's
gonna happen this year this move and the
moves they go and you stop you're just
starting but I already see that the
trend that shine Payton and my Saints
are going through and I'm just jacked up
even so early in motherfucking March I'm
so jacked up behind this shit man no I'm
I said everybody come here you must be
sad Jimmy Graham no cuz you're watching
the Sports Center shitting is in the Fed
Network shit thinking I'm saying hell no
you gonna fly under the radar some
mediocre players that's gonna be put in
the right spots and build up that
offensive line because people forget you
watch highlights and shit but you need
the offensive line to move the ball when
they had knuckles we trying to pay
fucking Jimmy Graham's now the one thing
I am sad about is Pierre Thomas no
that's my nigga he's a G now I'm sad
about that you want to talk to me about
that I don't like that move well Jimmy
Graham love this shit and y'all
motherfuckers don't see now I'm gonna
replay this video once the season start
once we become the division champions
and have a bye and when the goddamn
voters here or we least going to ever
see championship game for Shore the
coming season I'm gonna replay the same
goddamn video March day 11 2015 I'm
gonna replay this bitch and I say the
date on it book that Sports anything
they're working smarter than me main
love it
Jimmy Graham bye bye nigga it was too
fucking soft on the trenches I've been
calling for it I can't fucking believe
they did it
I'm so excited and happy about this shit
the New Orleans Saints be coming baby
and I'm in that shit right there peace